---
title: Complete Section
slug: library-items-complete-section
source_file: rest-api-library-items.html
source_url: 'https://www.figma.com/developers/api#library-items'
doc_type: rest-api
created: 2025-06-26T00:00:00.000Z
updated: 2025-06-26T00:00:00.000Z
owner: figma
version: 1
content_hash: a48f34944171e872
token_count: 5971
chunk_title: Complete Section
chunk_slug: library-items-complete-section
chunk_index: 0
chunk_of_total: 1
parent_file: library-items.md
parent_slug: library-items
char_count: 20896
heading_level: h2
chunk_type: guide
merge_type: atomic
tags: []
sibling_chunks: []
compiler: noos-figma
---

Components and stylesFigma provides a way to fetch metadata on published components and styles in a team library.

These endpoints are specifically for assets published in a team library. To get metadata for local and subscribed components and styles, use [GET /v1/files/:key](#get-files-endpoint).

TypesTypePropertiesComponentAn arrangement of published UI elements that can be instantiated across figma fileskeyString The unique identifier of the componentfile_keyString The unique identifier of the figma file which contains the componentnode_idString ID of the component node within the figma filethumbnail_urlString URL link to the component's thumbnail imagenameString Name of the componentdescriptionString The description of the component as entered by the publishercreated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the component was createdupdated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the component was updateduser[User](#user-type) The user who last updated the componentcontaining_frame[FrameInfo](#frameinfo-type) default: {} Data on component's containing frame, if component resides within a frameComponentSetA node containing a set of variants of a componentkeyString The unique identifier of the component setfile_keyString The unique identifier of the figma file which contains the component setnode_idString ID of the component set node within the figma filethumbnail_urlString URL link to the component set's thumbnail imagenameString Name of the component setdescriptionString The description of the component set as entered by the publishercreated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the component set was createdupdated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the component set was updateduser[User](#user-type) The user who last updated the component setcontaining_frame[FrameInfo](#frameinfo-type) default: {} Data on component set's containing frame, if component set resides within a frameStyleA set of published properties that can be applied to nodeskeyString The unique identifier of the stylefile_keyString The unique identifier of the file which contains the stylenode_idString ID of the style node within the figma filestyle_type[StyleType](#styletype-type) The type of stylethumbnail_urlString URL link to the style's thumbnail imagenameString Name of the styledescriptionString The description of the style as entered by the publishercreated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the style was createdupdated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the style was updateduser[User](#user-type) The user who last updated the stylesort_positionString A user specified order number by which the style can be sortedFrameInfoData on the frame a component resides innodeIdString ID of the frame node within the filenameString Name of the framebackgroundColorString Background color of the framepageIdString ID of the frame's residing pagepageNameString Name of the frame's residing pagecontainingStateGroupString [Deprecated] Use containingComponentSet insteadcontainingComponentSetString The component set node that contains the frame nodeEndpointsComponents and styles endpoints allow several ways to get information about published components and styles in a team library. You can get a list of components or styles using a team_id, or a specific component or style using a key.GET team componentsGet a paginated list of published components within a team library

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/teams/:team_id/components

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "components": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],    "cursor": {       "before": Number,      "after": Number,    },    }, }Path parametersDescriptionteam_idStringID of the team to list components fromQuery parametersDescriptionpage_sizeNumberNumber of items in a paged list of results. Defaults to 30. afterNumberCursor indicating which id after which to start retrieving components for. Exclusive with before. The cursor value is an internally tracked integer that doesn't correspond to any IdsbeforeNumberCursor indicating which id before which to start retrieving components for. Exclusive with after. The cursor value is an internally tracked integer that doesn't correspond to any IdsError codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/teams/:team_id/components'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "components": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],    "cursor": {       "before": Number,      "after": Number,    },    }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/teams/:team_id/components'Log in to execute requestGET file componentsGet a list of published components within a file library

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/files/:file_key/components

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "components": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],   }, }Path parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to list components from.
 This must be a main file key, not a branch key, as it is not possible to publish from branches.Error codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/components'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "components": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],   }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/components'Log in to execute requestGET componentGet metadata on a component by key.

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/components/:key

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {      "key": String,     "file_key": String,     "node_id": String,     "thumbnail_url": String,     "name": String,     "description": String,     "updated_at": String,     "created_at": String,     "user": User,      "containing_frame": FrameInfo,    }, }Path parametersDescriptionkeyStringThe unique identifier of the component.Error codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/components/:key'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {      "key": String,     "file_key": String,     "node_id": String,     "thumbnail_url": String,     "name": String,     "description": String,     "updated_at": String,     "created_at": String,     "user": User,      "containing_frame": FrameInfo,    }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/components/:key'Log in to execute requestGET team component setsGet a paginated list of published component sets within a team library

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/teams/:team_id/component_sets

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "component_sets": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],    "cursor": {       "before": Number,      "after": Number,    },    }, }Path parametersDescriptionteam_idStringID of the team to list component sets fromQuery parametersDescriptionpage_sizeNumberNumber of items in a paged list of results. Defaults to 30. afterNumberCursor indicating which id after which to start retrieving components for. Exclusive with before. The cursor value is an internally tracked integer that doesn't correspond to any IdsbeforeNumberCursor indicating which id before which to start retrieving components for. Exclusive with after. The cursor value is an internally tracked integer that doesn't correspond to any IdsError codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/teams/:team_id/component_sets'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "component_sets": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],    "cursor": {       "before": Number,      "after": Number,    },    }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/teams/:team_id/component_sets'Log in to execute requestGET file component setsGet a list of published component sets within a file library

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/files/:file_key/component_sets

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "component_sets": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],   }, }Path parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to list component sets from.
 This must be a main file key, not a branch key, as it is not possible to publish from branches.Error codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/component_sets'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "component_sets": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "user": User,        "containing_frame": FrameInfo,       },      ...    ],   }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/component_sets'Log in to execute requestGET component setGet metadata on a component set by key.

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/component_sets/:key

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {      "key": String,     "file_key": String,     "node_id": String,     "thumbnail_url": String,     "name": String,     "description": String,     "updated_at": String,     "created_at": String,     "user": User,      "containing_frame": FrameInfo,    }, }Path parametersDescriptionkeyStringThe unique identifier of the component set.Error codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/component_sets/:key'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {      "key": String,     "file_key": String,     "node_id": String,     "thumbnail_url": String,     "name": String,     "description": String,     "updated_at": String,     "created_at": String,     "user": User,      "containing_frame": FrameInfo,    }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/component_sets/:key'Log in to execute requestGET team stylesGet a paginated list of published styles within a team library

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/teams/:team_id/styles

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "styles": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "style_type": StyleType,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "sort_position": String,       "user": User,        },      ...    ],    "cursor": {       "before": Number,      "after": Number,    },    }, }Path parametersDescriptionteam_idStringID of the team to list styles fromQuery parametersDescriptionpage_sizeNumberNumber of items in a paged list of results. Defaults to 30. afterNumberCursor indicating which id after which to start retrieving components for. Exclusive with before. The cursor value is an internally tracked integer that doesn't correspond to any IdsbeforeNumberCursor indicating which id before which to start retrieving components for. Exclusive with after. The cursor value is an internally tracked integer that doesn't correspond to any IdsError codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/teams/:team_id/styles'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "styles": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "style_type": StyleType,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "sort_position": String,       "user": User,        },      ...    ],    "cursor": {       "before": Number,      "after": Number,    },    }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/teams/:team_id/styles'Log in to execute requestGET file stylesGet a list of published styles within a file library

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/files/:file_key/styles

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "styles": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "style_type": StyleType,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "sort_position": String,       "user": User,        },      ...    ],   }, }Path parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to list styles from.
 This must be a main file key, not a branch key, as it is not possible to publish from branches.Error codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/styles'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {     "styles": [      {       "key": String,       "file_key": String,       "node_id": String,       "style_type": StyleType,       "thumbnail_url": String,       "name": String,       "description": String,       "updated_at": String,       "created_at": String,       "sort_position": String,       "user": User,        },      ...    ],   }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/styles'Log in to execute requestGET styleGet metadata on a style by key.

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/styles/:key

Return value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {      "key": String,     "file_key": String,     "node_id": String,     "style_type": StyleType,     "thumbnail_url": String,     "name": String,     "description": String,     "updated_at": String,     "created_at": String,     "sort_position": String,     "user": User,    }, }Path parametersDescriptionkeyStringThe unique identifier of the style.Error codesDescription400Error with the request. The "message" param on the response will describe the error.403Insufficient permission on the team. This could also indicate the developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired.404Requested resource was not found.Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/styles/:key'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "status": Number,  "error": Boolean,  "meta": {      "key": String,     "file_key": String,     "node_id": String,     "style_type": StyleType,     "thumbnail_url": String,     "name": String,     "description": String,     "updated_at": String,     "created_at": String,     "sort_position": String,     "user": User,    }, }Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/styles/:key'Log in to execute request
