---
title: activity_logs
slug: activity_logs
source_file: rest-api-activity_logs.html
source_url: https://www.figma.com/developers/api#activity_logs
doc_type: rest-api
created: 2025-06-27
updated: 2025-06-27
owner: figma
version: 1.0
content_hash: 844fc2ff1efe4598
token_count: 13373
---
Activity LogsTrack what's happening in your organization with the Activity Logs API.Getting startedWho can use the Activity Logs API

- The Activity Logs API is only available to organizations on the Enterprise plan.
- Only organization admins can access activity logs. Only share what you build with this API with organization admins.

The Activity Logs API provides programmatic access to your organization's [activity logs](https://help.figma.com/hc/articles/360040449533-View-and-export-activity-logs)
. Activity logs allow you to see security events and activities happening in your Figma organization. You can use the Activity Logs API to integrate with your SIEM or other security software.

In order to use the Activity Logs API, you’ll need to authenticate your request using an OAuth 2 token in order to act on behalf of the organization whose activity logs you want to access. Follow our [OAuth guide](/developers/api#oauth2)
 to register your application and token, then redirect the user to the following URL:

GET https://www.figma.com/oauth?
 client_id=:client_id&
 redirect_uri=:callback&
 scope=org:activity_log_read&
 state=:state&
 response_type=codeNote:

1. Tokens used with the Activity Logs API must have org:activity_log_read as their scope. A token with a different scope will not be authorized to access this endpoint.
2. Make sure you only share what you build with this API with Enterprise organization admins. Only organization admins in Figma Enterprise organizations can authenticate OAuth 2 requests on behalf of their organizations.
3. Currently, this API can only be used by Figma Enterprise organizations building internal applications.

Once you’ve received an OAuth 2 token, you can make requests to the Activity Logs API like so:

curl -sH 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>'
 'https://api.figma.com/v1/activity_logs?limit=1' EndpointsGET Activity Logs

Returns a list of activity log events

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/activity_logs

Path parametersDescriptioneventsStringEvent type(s) to include in the response. Can have multiple values separated by comma. All events are returned by default.start_timeNumberUnix timestamp of the least recent event to include. This param defaults to one year ago if unspecified.end_timeNumberUnix timestamp of the most recent event to include. This param defaults to the current timestamp if unspecified.limitNumberMaximum number of events to return. This param defaults to 1000 if unspecified. orderStringEvent order by timestamp. This param can be either "asc" (default) or "desc".Error codesDescription401You do not have permissions to access the requested logsAdd filters to your request using query string parameters. You can add combinations of path parameters to create specific queries. Here are a few examples:

- Get the first 100 org_user_create and org_user_delete events from the last yearcurl -H 'Authorization: Bearer ' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/activity_logs?limit=100&events=org_user_create,org_user_delete'
- Get all changes made to a person’s paid status for a productcurl -H 'Authorization: Bearer ' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/activity_logs?events=org_user_account_type_change'
- Get all the events between 2021-11-30 19:20:00 UTC and 2021-12-01 23:06:40 UTCcurl -H 'Authorization: Bearer ' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/activity_logs?start_time=1638300000&end_time=1638400000'

PaginationThe API sorts returned events by timestamp in ascending order by default. The max number of events the endpoint can return at a time is 1000 events. You can set a lower value using the limit parameter.

If the total number of events is higher than the limit, the API will paginate the response. The JSON response will contain cursor and "next_page": true, fields. The cursor encodes the last event—the most recent event—in the response.

{
 "error": false,
 "i18n": null,
 "meta": {
 "activity_logs": [
 …
 ],
 "cursor": "NjYzMDMxMjM5ODA4NjcvNDAwMDA=",
 "next_page": true,
 },
 "status": 200
}To get the next batch of events, add the cursor parameter to your new query string.

curl -H 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/activity_logs?cursor=NjYzMDMxMjM5ODA4NjcvNDAwMDA='You'll likely poll this endpoint every few minutes to get the latest batch of events. You can append the cursor from the previous query to your new query. This will return any unseen events since your last query.

EventsEvery event returned by the Activity Logs API contains an actor, an action, an entity, and a context.

- Actor is the user who performed the action. There are three attributes to identify the user: email, id and name. The actor field can be empty if an anonymous request triggers the event. For example: the Figma server performs a daily background job. Or, an anonymous user views a public file link. In the case of SCIM events, the name value is SCIM Provider. In the case of official support actions, the name value is Figma Support.
- Action is the task or activity the actor performed. The type tells us the kind of action, and the details represent the associated metadata. Each action type supports its own metadata attributes. View supported action types and their attributes ↓
- Entity is the resource the actor took the action on. It can be a user, file, project or other resource types. View supported entity types and attributes ↓
- Context is where you can find other contextual information about the event:client_name: The third-party application that triggered the event, if applicable.ip_address: The IP address from of the client that sent the event request.is_figma_support_team_action: If Figma's Support team triggered the event. This is either true or false.org_id: The id of the organization where the event took place.team_id: The id of the team where the event took place—if this took place in a specific team.
- client_name: The third-party application that triggered the event, if applicable.
- ip_address: The IP address from of the client that sent the event request.
- is_figma_support_team_action: If Figma's Support team triggered the event. This is either true or false.
- org_id: The id of the organization where the event took place.
- team_id: The id of the team where the event took place—if this took place in a specific team.

This example shows the event logged when an admin removes a member from the organization.

{
 "action": {
 "details": {
 "permission": "member",
 "figma_paid_status": "viewer",
 "figjam_paid_status": "viewer"
 },
 "type": "org_user_create"
 },
 "actor": {
 "email": "admin@figma.com",
 "id": "1099091282752443416",
 "name": "Admin",
 "type": "user"
 },
 "context": {
 "client_name": null,
 "ip_address": "172.19.0.1",
 "is_figma_support_team_action": false,
 "org_id": "1047918802483077121",
 "team_id": null
 },
 "entity": {
 "email": "member@figma.com",
 "id": "1099091282712783786",
 "name": "Member",
 "type": "user"
 },
 "id": "1243",
 "timestamp": 1650578182
 }
 }Entity TypesBelow are the common types you can find under the entity field in the API response:

NamePropertiesfileA Figma Design or FigJam filekeyString Unique identifier of the file.nameString Name of the file.editor_typeString Indicates if the object is a file on Figma Design or FigJam. Can be figma or figjam.link_accessString Access policy for users who have the link to the file. Can be view, edit, org_view, org_edit or inherit.proto_link_accessString Access policy for users who have the link to the file's prototype. Can be view, org_view or inherit.file_repoA file branch that diverges from and can be merged back into the main fileidString Unique identifier of the file branch.nameString Name of the file.main_file_keyString Key of the main file.idp_userSCIM metadata of a user if managed by an identity provideridString Unique stable id of the user.user_nameString Email address of the user.org_saml_idString The SAML id of the org the user belongs to.external_idString The identity provider's external id for the user.orgA Figma organizationidString Unique identifier of the org.nameString Name of the org.pluginA Figma pluginidString Unique identifier of the plugin.nameString Name of the plugin.editor_typeString Indicates if the object is a plugin is available on Figma Design or FigJam. Can be figma or figjam.projectA project that a collection of Figma files are grouped underidString Unique identifier of the project.nameString Name of the project.teamA Figma team that contains multiple users and projectsidString Unique identifier of the team.nameString Name of the team.userA Figma useridString Unique stable id of the user.nameString Name of the useremailString Email associated with the user's account.widgetA Figma widgetidString Unique identifier of the widget.nameString Name of the widget.editor_typeString Indicates if the widget is available on Figma Design or FigJam. Can be figma or figjam.workspacePart of the organizational hierarchy of managing files and users within Figma, only available on the Enterprise PlanidString Unique identifier of the workspace.nameString Name of the workspace.Action TypesBelow are the action types you can find under the action field in the API response:

Action nameAction detailsai_content_training_disableAI content training was disabled for the organization.ai_content_training_enableAI content training was enabled for the organization.ai_features_disableAI features were disabled for the organization.ai_features_enableAI features were enabled for the organization.autogen_password_controls_setting_changeChoose what type of passwords can be added to files -- autogenerated only or custom passwords.old_autogen_password_controls_settingBoolean The old autogen password enforcement settingnew_autogen_password_controls_settingBoolean The new autogen password enforcement settingbranch_archiveA particular branch within a file was archived.main_file_keyString Key of the file that the branch was created from.branch_createA new branch was created within a file.main_file_keyString Key of the file that the branch was created from.branch_deleteA particular branch within a file was deleted.main_file_keyString Key of the file that the branch was created from.branch_member_addA user was invited to a branch.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "branch" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The ID of the branch.permissionString The permission level for the user on the branch.branch_member_permission_changeA user's permission level in a branch changed.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "branch" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The ID of the branch.old_permissionString The old permission level for the user on the branch before the change.new_permissionString The new permission level for the user on the branch after the change.branch_member_removeA user was removed from a branch.permissionString The permission level for the user on the file.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "branch" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The ID of the branch.branch_unarchiveA particular branch within a file was restored from archive.main_file_keyString Key of the file that the branch was created from.community_hub_file_deleteA specific file published to the Figma Community was deleted.community_hub_file_publishA specific file was published to the Figma Community.community_hub_file_updateA specific file published to the Figma Community was updated.community_plugin_deleteA specific plugin published to the Figma Community was deleted.community_plugin_publishA specific plugin was published to the Figma Community.community_plugin_updateA specific plugin published to the Figma Community was updated.community_widget_deleteA specific widget published to the Figma Community was deleted.community_widget_publishA specific widget was published to the Figma Community.community_widget_updateA specific widget published to the Figma Community was updated.configurable_upgrade_request_message_changeThe message for configured upgrade request flow was changed.old_configured_upgrade_request_messageString Old message sent to users in the configured upgrade request flow.new_configured_upgrade_request_messageString New message sent to users in the configured upgrade request flow.configurable_upgrade_request_setting_changeThe audience for configured upgrade request flow was changed.old_configured_upgrade_request_settingString Old audience for the configured upgrade request flow, defined as "members" or "all_users".new_configured_upgrade_request_settingString New audience for the configured upgrade request flow.cursor_chat_setting_changeCursor chat setting was changed for the orgcursor_chat_disabledBoolean If cursor chat is disabled for the org.external_collaboration_controls_setting_changeExternal collaboration setting was updatedexternal_collaboration_controls_settingBoolean Updated external collaboration controls setting for org.fig_file_createA Figma or FigJam file was created.fig_file_duplicateA Figma or FigJam file was duplicated.fig_file_exportThe contents of a Figma or FigJam file were exported.fig_file_image_downloadAn image from a Figma file was downloadedfig_file_link_access_changeThe permissions for a Figma or FigJam file changed.old_link_accessString The link access policy for the file before the change. Can be "edit", "view", "org_edit", "org_view" or "inherit".new_link_accessString The link access policy for the file after the change.old_org_browsableBoolean The org access policy for the file before the change.new_org_browsableBoolean The org access policy for the file after the change.fig_file_link_expiration_changeExpiration was changed or added for a Figma file's public link access.old_expires_atString Timestamp when public link access expires and the file's link access is returned to a private setting. Timestamp is before the expiration change.new_expires_atString Timestamp when public link access expires and the file's link access is returned to a private setting. Timestamp is after the expiration change.fig_file_member_addA user was invited to a Figma or FigJam file.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "file" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The key of the file.permissionString The permission level for the user on the file.fig_file_member_permission_changeA user's permission level in a Figma or FigJam file changed.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "file" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The key of the file.old_permissionString The old permission level for the user on the file before the change.new_permissionString The new permission level for the user on the file after the change.fig_file_member_removeA user was removed from a Figma or FigJam file.permissionString The permission level for the user on the file.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "file" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The key of the file.fig_file_moveA Figma or FigJam file was moved to a specific project.old_project_idString The ID of the file's project before it was moved.new_project_idString The ID of the file's project after it was moved.fig_file_permanent_deleteA Figma or FigJam file was permanently deleted from trash.fig_file_permanent_undeleteA previously deleted Figma or FigJam file was restored.fig_file_proto_link_access_changeThe permissions for a Figma design prototype file changed.old_proto_link_accessString The link access policy for the file prototype before the change. Can be "view", "org_view" or "inherit".new_proto_link_accessString The link access policy for the file prototype after the change.fig_file_renameA Figma or FigJam file was renamed.old_nameString The name of the file before it was renamed.new_nameString The name of the file after it was renamed.fig_file_restoreA previously trashed Figma or FigJam file was restored.fig_file_save_asA Figma or FigJam file was downloaded as a local .fig file.fig_file_set_passwordA new password was set on a Figma or FigJam file.fig_file_trashA Figma or FigJam file was trashed.fig_file_unset_passwordA password was removed from a Figma or FigJam file.fig_file_viewA Figma or FigJam file was viewed.accessString The viewer's access to the file. Can be "edit", "view" or "view_prototypes".fig_file_view_externalA Figma or FigJam file external to the organization was viewed. Only logged for Enterprise organizations with Domain Capture enabled.org_nameString The name of the external org that the user viewed a file in, or null if it is not part of an org.team_nameString The name of the external team that the user viewed a file in, or null if it is part of an org or another user's drafts.fig_file_view_prototypeA Figma or FigJam file prototype was viewed.fig_file_view_prototype_externalA Figma or FigJam file prototype external to the organization was viewed. Only logged for Enterprise organizations with Domain Capture enabled.org_nameString The name of the external org that the user viewed a prototype in, or null if it is not part of an org.team_nameString The name of the external team that the user viewed a prototype in, or null if it is part of an org or another user's drafts.fig_file_viewer_access_changeA change was made to permissions that allows/disallows viewers to copy, share or export a particular file.viewer_export_restrictedBoolean If viewers are disallowed to copy, share or export the file.google_sso_auth_changeOrg members authentication method through Google SSO was changed.google_sso_settingBoolean If org members must or must not login with Google SSO.idle_timeout_setting_changeThe amount of time that a user can be idle before automatically being logged out was changed.old_idle_timeout_settingNumber The old idle timeout settingnew_idle_timeout_settingNumber The new idle timeout settingidp_group_connection_addA workspace or billing group was added to an idp group.connection_typeString The type e.g workspace or billing group that was added to the idp groupconnection_nameString The workspace or billing group name that was added to the idp groupidp_group_nameString The name of the idp group the connection was added toidp_group_connection_removeA workspace or billing group was removed from an idp group.connection_typeString The type e.g workspace or billing group that was added to the idp groupconnection_idString The workspace or billing group id that was added to the idp groupidp_group_nameString The name of the idp group the connection was removed fromidp_group_createA new idp group was created via SCIM.nameString The name of the idp groupidp_group_deleteA new idp group was deleted via SCIM.nameString The name of the idp groupidp_group_renameAn idp group was renamed via SCIM.nameString The current name of the idp groupold_nameString The previous name of the idp groupidp_user_activateAn org user was activated via SCIM.user_nameString The username of the idp user that was activated. This is the email address.display_nameString The display name of the idp user that was activated.idp_user_createA new user was added to an organization via SCIM.user_nameString The username of the idp user that was created. This is the email address.display_nameString The display name of the idp user that was created.idp_user_deactivateAn org user was deactivated via SCIM.user_nameString The username of the idp user that was deactivated. This is the email address.display_nameString The display name of the idp user that was deactivated.idp_user_deleteA user was deleted from an organization via SCIM.user_nameString The username of the idp user that was deleted. This is the email address.display_nameString The display name of the idp user that was deleted.idp_user_updateAn org user's paid status was updated via SCIM.user_nameString The username of the idp user that was updated. This is the email address.display_nameString The display name of the idp user that was updated.old_figma_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's Figma Design seat before the change.new_figma_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's Figma Design seat after the change.old_figjam_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's FigJam seat after the change.new_figjam_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's FigJam seat after the change.ip_allowlist_range_createAn IP address was added to the allowlist of networks which Figma can be accessed onip_addressString The IP range that was allowlistedip_allowlist_range_deleteAn IP address was removed from the allowlist of networks which Figma can be accessed onip_addressString The IP range that was removed from the allowlistip_allowlist_rejectedA user was rejected from accessing Figma due to an IP address not being in the allowlistip_allowlist_setting_changeBlocking access to Figma on non-corporate networks was enabled or disabledip_allowlist_settingBoolean Whether or not the org has the IP allowlist feature enabledip_restriction_changeLimiting personal accounts on the corporate network was enabled or disabled.ip_restriction_settingBoolean If orgs are limiting or not limiting personal accounts on the corporate network.license_group_admins_addA new billing group admin was added to the organization's billing group. Note: due to a data structure change, this action may also include legacy workspace events before mid-December 2023.new_admin_emailsString[] The emails of the users added to the billing group as admins.license_group_admins_removeA billing group admin was removed from the organization's billing group. Note: due to a data structure change, this action may also include legacy workspace events before mid-December 2023.removed_admin_emailsString[] The emails of the admins removed from the billing group.license_group_createA new billing group was created in the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action may also include legacy workspace events before mid-December 2023.admin_emailsString[] The emails of the users added to the billing group as admins.license_group_deleteA billing group was deleted from the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action may also include legacy workspace events before mid-December 2023.license_group_library_setting_changeA legacy workspace changed a library's settings. Note: due to a data structure change, this action does not include new workspace events. See "workspace_library_setting_change".library_file_keyString File key of the library the workspace is changing the setting for.library_file_nameString File name of the library the workspace is changing the setting for.license_group_idNumber The ID of the workspace that is changing a library setting.workspace_nameString The name of the workspace that is changing a library setting.old_figma_enabledBoolean Library was previously enabled in the workspace for Figma design files.old_figjam_enabledBoolean Library was previously enabled in the workspace for FigJam files.old_use_org_settingsBoolean Library's previous setting on the workspace was inherited from the org.new_figma_enabledBoolean Library is now enabled in the workspace for Figma design files.new_figjam_enabledBoolean Library is now enabled in the workspace for FigJam files.new_use_org_settingsBoolean Library's new setting on the workspace will be inherited from the org.license_group_membership_changeA user was moved to a new billing group in the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action may also include legacy workspace events before mid-December 2023.old_license_group_idNumber The ID of the user's old billing group before it was changed.new_license_group_idNumber The ID of the user's new billing group after it was changed.idp_group_idString The ID of the idp group linked to the new billing groupidp_group_idString The ID of the idp group linked to the old billing grouplicense_group_membership_self_selectA user chose to join a particular workspace in the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action does not include new workspace events. See "workspace_membership_self_select" for newer events.license_group_idNumber The ID of the workspace that the user selects when they join the org.license_group_renameA billing group was renamed. Note: due to a data structure change, this action may also include legacy workspace events before mid-December 2023.old_nameString The name of the billing group before it was renamed.new_nameString The name of the billing group after it was renamed.mfa_required_setting_changeAn org admin changed the setting for requiring multi-factor authentication for users.old_mfa_required_settingString The old MFA required settingnew_mfa_required_settingString The new MFA required settingnetwork_access_restriction_range_createAn IP address was added to the list of corporate networks that prevent access to personal Figma accountsip_addressString The IP range that was added for network access restrictionsnetwork_access_restriction_range_deleteAn IP address was removed from the list of corporate networks that prevent access to personal Figma accountsip_addressString The IP range that was removed from network access restrictionsnetwork_access_restriction_range_updateAn IP address was enabled or disabled for preventing access to personal Figma accountsip_addressString The IP range that was enabled or disabled for network access restrictionsenabledBoolean Whether the IP range for network access restriction was enabled or disabledoauth_token_grantA user granted a new OAuth token to a Figma application.client_idString The ID of the app that this token is granted to.client_nameString The name of the app that this token is granted to.is_org_level_tokenBoolean If the token is granted on behalf of an org instead of a user.scopeString The type of access that this token has.oauth_token_revokeA user revoked an OAuth token previously granted to a Figma application.client_idString The ID of the app that owns the token.client_nameString The name of the app that owns the token.is_org_level_tokenBoolean If the token is granted on behalf of an org instead of a user.open_sessions_endAn Open Session was ended manually.open_sessions_setting_changeThe settings for open sessions were turned on or off for an organization.workshop_disabledBoolean If open session is disabled for the org.open_sessions_startAn Open Session was started.org_default_license_type_changeThe settings for default roles changed for Figma design or FigJam files.editor_typeString The product type whose default paid status changes. Can be "figma", "figjam", or "dev_mode".old_paid_statusString The default paid status of the product before the change. Can be "editor" for a full seat, "viewer", or "viewer_restricted".new_paid_statusString The default paid status of the product after the change.org_domain_addA domain was added to an organization.domainString The domain that was added to the org.org_domain_capture_changeDomain capture was updated in an organization.domain_captureBoolean Domain capture enabled in org.org_domain_removeA domain was removed from an organization.domainString The domain that was removed from the org.org_domain_verifyA domain was verified in an organization.domainString The domain that was verified within the org.org_guest_invite_setting_changeThe settings for org guest invite policy changed.old_guest_invite_settingString Org guest setting before the change. Can be "banned", "require_approval" or null.new_guest_invite_settingString Org guest setting after the change.org_invite_createA user was invited to join a particular organization.invitee_emailString Email of the user invited to the orgorg_join_request_approveAn admin approved a user's request to join an organization in order to access a particular file.resource_typeString Type of the resource that the user can view once they join the org.resource_id_or_keyString ID of the resource that the user can view once they join the org.org_join_request_createA user requested to join an organization so they can access a particular file.resource_typeString Type of the resource that the user requests to join the org to view.resource_id_or_keyString ID of the resource that the user requests to join the org to view.org_library_approveA library was marked as approved for an organizationorg_library_setting_changeThe org changed an enabled library’s settings.org_nameString The name of the Org that is changing a library setting.library_file_keyString File key of the library the org is changing the setting for.library_file_nameString File name of the library the org is changing the setting for.old_figma_enabledBoolean Library was previously enabled in the org for Figma design filesold_figjam_enabledBoolean Library was previously enabled in the org for FigJam filesnew_figma_enabledBoolean Library is now enabled in the org for Figma design filesnew_figjam_enabledBoolean Library is now enabled in the org for FigJam filesorg_library_unapproveA library is marked as not approved for an organizationorg_mergeAn org was converted into a team under another org.child_org_idNumber ID of the org that gets merged into the target org.org_team_creation_controlsAn org's setting for who can create teams was changed.new_team_creation_controls_settingString The new setting of team creation controls settingold_team_creation_controls_settingString The old setting of team creation controls settingorg_team_csv_exportedThe teams list of an organization was exported as a CSV file.org_user_account_type_changeA user's paid status for a product was changed.editor_typeString The product type whose default paid status changes. Can be "figma", "figjam", or "dev_mode".old_figma_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's Figma Design seat before the change.new_figma_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's Figma Design seat after the change.old_figjam_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's FigJam seat after the change.new_figjam_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's FigJam seat after the change.old_seat_typeString The seat type the user was previously occupying.new_seat_typeString The seat type the user now occupies.org_user_account_type_change_to_fullA user was upgraded to the editor role in an org.editor_type The product type whose default paid status changes. Can be "figma", "figjam", or "dev_mode".reasonString The triggering condition that upgrades the user to a paid seat.old_paid_status The paid status of the user's seat before the change.org_user_account_type_upgrade_approvedAn admin approved a request for someone to upgrade to an editor role.editor_typeString The product type whose default paid status changes. Can be "figma", "figjam", or "dev_mode".seat_typeString The seat type that the user had requested and was now approved for. Can be "Full", "Collab" or "Dev"org_user_account_type_upgrade_deniedAn admin denied a request for someone to upgrade to an editor role.editor_typeString The product type whose default paid status changes. Can be "figma", "figjam", or "dev_mode".seat_typeString The seat type that the user had requested and was rejected for. Can be "Full", "Collab" or "Dev"org_user_account_type_upgrade_requestedA user requested to have their role upgraded to an editor role.editor_typeString The product type whose default paid status changes. Can be "figma", "figjam", or "dev_mode".requested_user_license_group_idNumber Workspace id of the user who requested the upgrade, or null if the user is not assigned to any workspace.seat_typeString The seat type that the user requested an upgrade for. Can be "Full", "Collab" or "Dev"org_user_createA user was added to an organization.permissionString The permission level of the user in the org. Can be "guest", "member" or "admin".seat_typeString The user's seat type. Can be "full", "collab", or "dev".reasonString The reason the user joined the org.actor_idNumber The user that was responsible for the user joining the org.resource_typeString The type of resource that was responsible for the user joining the org.resource_id_or_keyString The ID or key of resource that was responsible for the user joining the org.figma_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's Figma Design seat. Can be "editor" for a full seat, "viewer", or "viewer_restricted".figjam_paid_statusString The paid status of the user's FigJam seat. Can be "editor" for a full seat, "viewer", or "viewer_restricted".org_user_create_externalA user was added to an external organization as a guest. Only logged for Enterprise organizations with Domain Capture enabled.org_nameString The name of the external organization that the user joined.org_user_deleteA user was removed from an organization.org_user_delete_externalA user was removed from an external organization. Only logged for Enterprise organizations with Domain Capture enabled.org_nameString The name of the external organization that the user left.org_user_permission_changeA user's permission level (guest, member, admin) within an org was changed.old_permissionString The old permission level of the user in the org before the change.new_permissionString The new permission level of the user in the org after the change.personal_access_token_createA user created a new personal access token to access their data via public API.personal_access_token_deleteA user deleted a personal access token.plugin_approvelist_addA plugin was added to the approved plugin list.plugin_approvelist_add_workspaceA plugin was added to the approved plugin list for a specific workspace.plugin_approvelist_disableAn admin turned off a setting where only plugins on the approved plugin list can be used in that organization's files.plugin_approvelist_enableAn admin turned on a setting where only plugins on the approved plugin list can be used in that organization's files.plugin_approvelist_removeA plugin was removed from the approved plugin list.plugin_approvelist_remove_workspaceA plugin was removed from the approved plugin list for a specific workspace.plugin_approvelist_request_approve_orgA plugin request for the org was approved for the approved plugin list.plugin_approvelist_request_approve_workspaceA plugin request for a specific workspace was approved for the approved plugin list.plugin_approvelist_request_orgA plugin was requested for the approved plugin list.plugin_approvelist_request_reject_orgA plugin request for the org was rejected for the approved plugin list.plugin_approvelist_request_reject_workspaceA plugin request for a specific workspace was rejected for the approved plugin list.plugin_installA plugin was installed for everyone in the organization to use.plugin_ownership_transferA plugin was transferred to another owner.plugin_publisher_accept_inviteA publisher invite for a plugin was accepted.plugin_publisher_inviteA plugin publisher was invited.plugin_publisher_removeA plugin publisher was removed.plugin_publisher_remove_inviteA publisher invite for a plugin was removed.plugin_uninstallA plugin that was previously installed for everyone in the organization to use has been uninstalled.private_plugin_deleteA plugin published privately to an organization was deleted.private_plugin_publishA plugin was published privately to an organization.private_plugin_updateA plugin published privately to an organization was updated.private_widget_deleteA widget published privately to an organization was deleted.private_widget_publishA widget was published privately to an organization.private_widget_updateA widget published privately to an organization was updated.project_createA project was created in a particular team.project_deleteA project was deleted.project_exportThe contents of a project were exported somewhere outside of the organization.project_importThe contents of a project were imported into an organization.project_member_addA user was invited to a project.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "project" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The ID of the project.permissionString The permission level for the user on the project.project_member_permission_changeA user's permission level in a team changed.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "project" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The ID of the project.old_permissionString The old permission level for the user on the project before the change.new_permissionString The new permission level for the user on the project after the change.project_member_removeA user was removed from a project.permissionString The permission level for the user on the project.resource_typeString The type of the resouce. Can only be "project" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString The ID of the project.project_moveA project was moved to another team.old_team_idNumber The ID of the project' old parent team before it was moved.new_team_idNumber The ID of the project' new parent team after it was moved.project_renameA project was renamed.old_nameString The old name of the project before it was renamed.new_nameString The new name of the project after it was renamed.project_restoreA project was restored.project_team_access_changeTeam members' access to a project was changed.old_team_accessString Team members' access to the project before the change. Can be "invite_only", "view_only", and "edit".new_team_accessString Team members' access to the project after the change.project_transfer_approvedA request to transfer a project to a team in another organization was approvedproject_transfer_copy_approvedA request to transfer a copy of project to a team in another organization was approvedproject_transfer_copy_receivedA request was received to transfer a copy of a project to a team in another organizationteam_idString ID of the team the project currently belongs to and initiated the request.project_transfer_copy_sentA request was sent to transfer a copy of a project to an external pro or org teamdestination_team_idString IDof the team the user is trying to transfer the copy of the project to.project_transfer_receivedA request was received to transfer a project to a team in another organizationteam_idString ID of the team the project currently belongs to and initiated the request.project_transfer_sentA request was sent to transfer a project to an external pro or org teamdestination_team_idString IDof the team the user is trying to transfer the project to.project_trashA project was trashed.provisional_access_end_new_requestA user requested a new provisional access, ending their previous provisional accessseat_typeString What seat type the provisional access was for before it was ended because the user created a new request.auto_approval_settingString What the auto approval settings were at the time this activity log occurredprovisional_access_end_request_approvedAn admin approved a user's request to upgrade, ending their provisional accessseat_typeString What seat type the provisional access was for before it was approved.auto_approval_settingString What the auto approval settings were at the time this activity log occurredprovisional_access_end_request_deniedAn admin denied a user's request to upgrade, ending their provisional accessseat_typeString What seat type the provisional access was for before it was denied.auto_approval_settingString What the auto approval settings were at the time this activity log occurredprovisional_access_startA user requested an upgrade, which started their provisional accessseat_typeString What seat type the provisional access was started for.auto_approval_settingString What the auto approval settings were at the time this activity log occurredpublic_link_setting_changeAn admin changed the public link setting policy for the org.public_links_bannedBoolean If org members cannot share files via public links.public_links_require_passwordBoolean If org members cannot share files via public links without passwordspublic_links_require_expirationBoolean If org members cannot share files via public links without expirationpublic_links_max_expiration_in_hoursNumber The max expiration in hours org members can set on public linksrepo_merge_from_sourceA particular branch within a file was updated.main_file_keyString Key of the file that the branch was created from.repo_merge_to_sourceA particular branch within a file was merged with another branch.main_file_keyString Key of the file that the branch was created from.resource_connection_disconnectedA user disconnected a project connectionfolder_nameString name of the resource that is being connectedfolder_idString id of the resource that is being connectedhost_plan_typeString type of the plan that is initiating the connectionhost_plan_nameString name of the plan that is initiating the connectionconnected_plan_typeString type of the plan that is being connectedconnected_plan_nameString name of the plan that is being connectedroster_exportedThe members list of an organization was exported as a CSV file.saml_sso_auth_changeOrg members authentication method through SAML SSO was changed.saml_sso_settingBoolean If org members must or must not login with SAML SSO.scim_token_generateA token was generated for an IdP service to call Figma SCIM endpoints.scim_token_revokeA token which an IdP service used to call Figma SCIM endpoints was revoked.seats_renewAn admin renewed seats for the organization.sites_custom_domain_activateA custom domain was verified and activated for a site.domainString The custom domain that was verified & activated for a site.sites_custom_domain_removalA custom domain was removed from a site.domainString The custom domain that was removed from a site.sites_publishing_setting_changeWeb publishing disabled setting was changed for the orgweb_publishing_disabledBoolean If web publishing has been disabled for this orgteam_createA team was created in an organization with specific access settings to files and resources.org_accessString Org member's access to the team. Can be "public", "private", or "secret".sharing_audience_controlString Org member's access to the team. Can be "org_view", "org_edit", or "invite_only".org_browsableString Discoverability of the team in search. Applicable for invite_only teams. If not browsable, it won\t show up in search and users have to be explictily invitedteam_deleteA team was deleted from an organization.team_exportA team was exported to another organization.team_importA team was imported into an organization.team_license_group_changeA team was moved to another workspace. Note: due to a data structure change, this action does not include new workspace events. See "team_workspace_change" for newer events.old_workspace_idNumber ID of the workspace that the team was assigned to before the change.new_workspace_idNumber ID of the workspace that the team is assigned to after the change.team_member_addA user was added to a team.resource_typeString Type of the resource that the user is added to. Can only be "team" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString ID of the team.permissionString User's permission level in the team.team_member_add_externalA user was added to an external team. Only logged for Enterprise organizations with Domain Capture enabled.team_nameString The name of the external team that the user joined.team_member_permission_changeA user's permission level in a team changed.resource_typeString Type of the resource that the user has a different permission on. Can only be "team" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString ID of the team.old_permissionString User's permission level in the team before the change.new_permissionString User's permission level in the team after the change.team_member_removeA user was removed from a team.permissionString User's permission level in the team.resource_typeString Type of the resource that the user is removed from. Can only be "team" for this event.resource_id_or_keyString ID of the team.team_member_remove_externalA user was removed from an external team. Only logged for Enterprise organizations with Domain Capture enabled.team_nameString The name of the external team that the user left.team_org_access_changeOrg members' access to a team is changed.old_org_accessString Org member's access to the team before the change. Can be "public", "private", or "secret".new_org_accessString Org member's access to the team after the change.team_renameA team's name was changed.team_restoreA previously deleted team was restored.team_sharing_audience_control_changeOrg members' access to a team is changed.new_sharing_audience_controlString Org member's access to the team. Can be "org_view", "org_edit", or "invite_only".old_sharing_audience_controlString Org member's access to the team. Can be "org_view", "org_edit", or "invite_only".team_transfer_approvedA request to transfer a team into an organization was approvedapprover_nameString Name of the user in the destination org that approved the team transfer request.team_transfer_receivedA request was received to transfer a team into an organizationsource_org_nameString Name of the org the team currently belongs to and initiated the request.team_transfer_sentA request was sent to transfer a team to another organizationdestination_org_nameString Name of the org the user is trying to transfer the team to.team_workspace_changeA team was moved to another workspace. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "team_license_group_change".old_workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace that the team was assigned to before the change.new_workspace_nameString The name of the workspace that the team was assigned to before the change.workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace that the team was assigned to after the change.workspace_nameString The name of the workspace that the team was assigned to after the change.user_idle_session_timeoutA user was automatically signed out of their account for inactivity.user_sign_inA user signed in to their account.user_sign_outA user signed out of their account.voice_call_join_reqA user requested to join a voice call.webhook_createA webhook is created for a resourcewebhook_event_nameString The event this webhook is subscribing towebhook_endpointString The endpoint this webhook will be callingwebhook_deleteA webhook is deleted for a resourcewebhook_event_nameString The event this webhook is subscribing towebhook_endpointString The endpoint this webhook will be callingwebhook_updateA webhook is updated for a resourcewebhook_event_nameString The event this webhook is subscribing towebhook_endpointString The endpoint this webhook will be callingwidget_approvelist_addA widget was added to the approved widget list.widget_approvelist_add_workspaceA widget was added to the approved widget list for a specific workspace.widget_approvelist_removeA widget was removed from the approved widget list.widget_approvelist_remove_workspaceA widget was removed from the approved widget list for a specific workspace.widget_approvelist_request_approve_orgA widget request for the org was approved for the approved widget list.widget_approvelist_request_approve_workspaceA widget request for a specific workspace was approved for the approved widget list.widget_approvelist_request_orgA widget was requested for the approved widget list.widget_approvelist_request_reject_orgA widget request for the org was rejected for the approved widget list across the entire org.widget_approvelist_request_reject_workspaceA widget request for a specific workspace was rejected for the approved widget list.widget_installA widget was installed for everyone in the organization to use.widget_ownership_transferA widget was transferred to another owner.widget_publisher_accept_inviteA publisher invite for a widget was accepted.widget_publisher_inviteA widget publisher was invited.widget_publisher_removeA widget publisher was removed.widget_publisher_remove_inviteA publisher invite for a widget was removed.widget_uninstallA widget that was previously installed for everyone in the organization to use has been uninstalled.widgets_disableAn admin turned off a setting where only widgets on the approved widget list can be used in that organization's files.widgets_enabledAn admin turned on a setting where only widgets on the approved widget list can be used in that organization's files.workspace_admins_addA new workspace admin was added to the organization's workspace. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_admins_add".new_admin_emailsString[] The emails of the users added to the workspace as admins.workspace_admins_removeA workspace admin was removed from the organization's workspace. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_admins_remove".removed_admin_emailsString[] The emails of the admins removed from the workspace.workspace_createA new workspace was created in the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_create".workspace_deleteA workspace was deleted from the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_delete".workspace_library_approveA library was marked as approved for a workspaceworkspace_nameString The name of the workspace that is marking a library as approved.workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace that is marking a library as approved.workspace_library_setting_changeA workspace changed a library's settings. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_library_setting_change".library_file_keyString The file key of the library the workspace was changing the setting for.library_file_nameString The file name of the library the workspace was changing the setting for.workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace that was changing a library setting.workspace_nameString The name of the workspace that was changing a library setting.old_figma_enabledBoolean IIf the library was previously enabled for the workspace for Figma design files.old_figjam_enabledBoolean IIf the library was previously enabled for the workspace for FigJam files.old_use_org_settingsBoolean If the library's previous setting on the workspace was inherited from the org.new_figma_enabledBoolean If the library is now enabled in the workspace for Figma design files.new_figjam_enabledBoolean If the library is now enabled in the workspace for FigJam files.new_use_org_settingsBoolean If the library's new setting on the workspace will be inherited from the org.workspace_library_unapproveA library is marked as not approved for a workspaceworkspace_nameString The name of the workspace that is marking a library as not approved.workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace that is marking a library as not approved.workspace_member_addA user was added to the organization's workspace. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_membership_change".workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace the user was added to.workspace_nameString The name of the workspace the user was added to.idp_group_idString The ID of the idp group linked to the workspaceworkspace_member_removeA user was removed from the organization's workspace. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_membership_change".workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace the user was removed from.workspace_nameString The name of the workspace the user was removed from.idp_group_idString The ID of the idp group linked to the workspaceworkspace_membership_self_selectA user chose to join a particular workspace in the organization. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_membership_self_select".workspace_idNumber The ID of the workspace that the user chose to join.workspace_nameString The name of the workspace that the user chose to join.workspace_public_link_setting_changeA workspace in an org had its public link controls setting changedpublic_links_bannedBoolean If workspace members cannot share files via public links.public_links_require_passwordBoolean If workspace members cannot share files via public links without passwordspublic_links_require_expirationBoolean If workspace members cannot share files via public links without expirationpublic_links_max_expiration_in_hoursNumber The max expiration in hours workspace members can set on public linksworkspace_renameA workspace was renamed. Note: due to a data structure change, this action is only included for newer workspace events. For legacy workspace events, see "license_group_rename".old_nameString The name of the workspace before it was renamed.new_nameString The name of the workspace after it was renamed.workspace_team_csv_exportedThe teams list of a workspace was exported as a CSV file.workspace_visibility_setting_changeA workspace's visibility setting was modified.old_org_accessString Org member's access to the workspace before the change. Can be "hidden" or "visible".new_org_accessString Org member's access to the workspace after the change. Can be "hidden" or "visible".