---
title: comments
slug: comments
source_file: rest-api-comments.html
source_url: https://www.figma.com/developers/api#comments
doc_type: rest-api
created: 2025-06-26
updated: 2025-06-26
owner: figma
version: 1.0
content_hash: 7b9aacd60a7a7692
token_count: 3197
---
CommentsFigma’s Commenting mode allows users to leave comments directly on layers or objects on the canvas. This is useful for collaboration when you want to suggest an adjustment, provide feedback, or critique a specific object or layout. You can use the Figma API to access a whole host of information about a comment, from when the comment was made and by whom, to its exact location on the canvas.Commenting typesThere are a number of different properties associated with a comment and comment reactions, that help to give us more context. The following contains all of the properties comments and their reactions will have:TypePropertiesCommentA comment or reply left by a useridString Unique identifier for commentclient_meta[Vector](#vector-type) | [FrameOffset](#frameoffset-type) | [Region](#region-type) | [FrameOffsetRegion](#frameoffsetregion-type) Positioning information of the comment. Includes information on the location of the comment pin, which is either the absolute coordinates on the canvas or a relative offset within a frame. If the comment is a region, it will also contain the region height, width, and position of the anchor in regards to the region.file_keyString The file in which the comment livesparent_idString If present, the id of the comment to which this is the replyuser[User](#user-type) The user who left the commentcreated_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the comment was leftresolved_atString If set, the UTC ISO 8601 time the comment was resolvedorder_idNumber Only set for top level comments. The number displayed with the comment in the UIreactions[Reaction](#reaction-type)[] An array of reactions to the commentReactionA reaction left by a useruser[User](#user-type) The user who left the reactionemojiStringThe emoji type of reaction as shortcode (e.g. :heart:, :+1::skin-tone-2:). The list of accepted emoji shortcodes can be found in [this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/missive/emoji-mart/main/packages/emoji-mart-data/sets/14/native.json) under the top-level emojis and aliases fields, with optional skin tone modifiers when applicable.created_atString The UTC ISO 8601 time at which the reaction was leftProperty typesIn the section above, we gave you a brief description of the comment types. Theclient_meta property of comments takes a custom Figma type, which is described below.

Region and FrameOffsetRegion represent comments that span a region. By default, the comment_pin_corner is in the bottom right. As an illustration, the following diagram shows how node_offset, region_height, and region_width interact with each other.

+----------------------------------------+^node_offset origin || || +--------------------+ || | region_width | || | | || |region_height | || | | || | | || +--------------------+ <- node_offset |+----------------------------------------+TypePropertiesFrameOffsetPosition of a comment relative to the frame to which it is attachednode_idString Unique id specifying the frame.node_offset[Vector](#vector-type) 2d vector offset within the frame from the top-left corner.RegionPosition of a region comment on the canvasxNumber X coordinate of the positionyNumber Y coordinate of the positionregion_heightNumber The height of the comment region. Must be greater than 0region_widthNumber The width of the comment region. Must be greater than 0comment_pin_cornerString default: bottom-rightThe corner of the comment region to pin to the node's corner as a string enumbottom-rightbottom-lefttop-righttop-leftFrameOffsetRegionPosition of a region comment relative to the frame to which it is attachednode_idString Unique id specifying the frame.node_offset[Vector](#vector-type) 2D vector offset within the frame from the top-left corner.region_heightNumber The height of the comment regionregion_widthNumber The width of the comment regioncomment_pin_cornerString default: bottom-rightThe corner of the comment region to pin to the node's corner as a string enumbottom-rightbottom-lefttop-righttop-leftEndpointsUnlike the other endpoints associated with the Figma API, you are able to post comments and reactions to a Figma file - in addition to being able to view existing comments and reactions on a file. This means that there are GET, POST, and DELETE endpoints available for comments and reactions.GET commentsGets a list of comments left on the file.

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/files/:key/comments

Return value{  "comments": [Comment](#comment-type)[],}Path parametersDescriptionkeyStringFile to get comments from. This can be a file key or branch key. Use GET /v1/files/:key with the branch_data query param to get the branch key.as_mdBooleanoptionalIf enabled, will return comments as their markdown equivalents when applicable.Error codesDescription403The developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired404The specified file was not foundTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "comments": [Comment](#comment-type)[],}Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments'Log in to execute requestPOST commentsPosts a new comment on the file.

HTTP EndpointPOST/v1/files/:file_key/comments

Return valueThe [Comment](#comment-type) that was successfully postedPath parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to add comments in. This can be a file key or branch key. Use GET /v1/files/:key with the branch_data query param to get the branch key.Body parametersDescriptionmessageStringThe text contents of the comment to postcomment_idStringoptionalThe comment to reply to, if any. This must be a root comment, that is, you cannot reply to a comment that is a reply itself (a reply has a parent_id).client_meta[Vector](#vector-type) | [FrameOffset](#frameoffset-type) | [Region](#region-type) | [FrameOffsetRegion](#frameoffsetregion-type)optionalThe position of where to place the comment.Error codesDescription403The developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired404The specified file was not foundTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X POST -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments'Log in to execute requestReturn valueThe [Comment](#comment-type) that was successfully postedTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X POST -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments'Log in to execute requestDELETE commentsDeletes a specific comment. Only the person who made the comment is allowed to delete it.

HTTP EndpointDELETE/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id

Return valueNothing is returned from this endpointPath parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to delete comment from. This can be a file key or branch key. Use GET /v1/files/:key with the branch_data query param to get the branch key.comment_idStringComment id of comment to deleteError codesDescription403The developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired404The specified comment / file was not foundTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X DELETE -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id'Log in to execute requestReturn valueNothing is returned from this endpointTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X DELETE -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id'Log in to execute requestGET comment reactionsGets a paginated list of reactions left on the comment.

HTTP EndpointGET/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions

Return value{  "reactions": [Reaction](#reaction-type)[],  "pagination": {     "prev_page": String,     "next_page": String   }}Path parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to get comment containing reactions from. This can be a file key or branch key. Use GET /v1/files/:key with the branch_data query param to get the branch key.comment_idStringComment to get reactions fromQuery parametersDescriptioncursorStringoptionalCursor for pagination, retrieved from the response of the previous callError codesDescription403The developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired404The specified file / comment was not foundTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions'Log in to execute requestReturn value{  "reactions": [Reaction](#reaction-type)[],  "pagination": {     "prev_page": String,     "next_page": String   }}Try it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions'Log in to execute requestPOST comment reactionsPosts a new comment reaction on a file comment.

HTTP EndpointPOST/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions

Return valueNothing is returned from this endpointPath parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to post comment reactions to. This can be a file key or branch key. Use GET /v1/files/:key with the branch_data query param to get the branch key.comment_idStringID of comment to react toBody parametersDescriptionemojiStringThe emoji type of reaction as shortcode (e.g. :heart:, :+1::skin-tone-2:). The list of accepted emoji shortcodes can be found in [this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/missive/emoji-mart/main/packages/emoji-mart-data/sets/14/native.json) under the top-level emojis and aliases fields, with optional skin tone modifiers when applicable.Error codesDescription400The specified emoji is not valid403The developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired404The specified file or comment was not foundTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X POST -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions'Log in to execute requestReturn valueNothing is returned from this endpointTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X POST -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions'Log in to execute requestDELETE comment reactionsDeletes a specific comment reaction. Only the person who made the comment reaction is allowed to delete it.

HTTP EndpointDELETE/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions

Return valueNothing is returned from this endpointPath parametersDescriptionfile_keyStringFile to delete comment reaction from. This can be a file key or branch key. Use GET /v1/files/:key with the branch_data query param to get the branch key.comment_idStringComment id of comment to delete reaction fromQuery parametersDescriptionemojiStringThe emoji type of reaction as shortcode (e.g. :heart:, :+1::skin-tone-2:). The list of accepted emoji shortcodes can be found in [this file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/missive/emoji-mart/main/packages/emoji-mart-data/sets/14/native.json) under the top-level emojis and aliases fields, with optional skin tone modifiers when applicable. Error codesDescription403The developer / OAuth token is invalid or expired404The specified file or comment was not foundTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X DELETE -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions'Log in to execute requestReturn valueNothing is returned from this endpointTry it out for yourself[Log in to generate an access token](/login?cont=/developers/docs)[What's this?](#access-tokens)Your cURL commandcurl -X DELETE -H 'X-FIGMA-TOKEN: <personal access token>' 'https://api.figma.com/v1/files/:file_key/comments/:comment_id/reactions'Log in to execute request